= DESCRIPTION:

Configure and install the collectd[http://collectd.org/] monitoring daemon.

= REQUIREMENTS:

This cookbook has only been tested on Ubuntu 10.04.

The collectd_plugins cookbook is not required, but provides many common plugin definitions for easy reuse.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* collectd.basedir - Base folder for collectd output data.
* collectd.plugin_dir - Base folder to find plugins.
* collectd.types_db - Array of files to read graph type information from.
* collectd.interval - Time period in seconds to wait between data reads.

* collectd.collectd_web.path - Location to install collectd_web to. Defaults to /srv/collectd_web.
* collectd.collectd_web.hostname - Server name to use for collectd_web Apache site.

= USAGE:

Three main recipes are provided:
* collectd - Install a standalone daemon.
* collectd::client - Install collectd and configure it to send data to a server.

The client recipe will use the search index to automatically locate the server hosts, so no manual configuration is required.

== Defines:

Several defines are provided to simplify configuring plugins

=== collectd_plugin:

The +collectd_plugin+ define configures and enables standard collect plugins. Example:
    
    collectd_plugin "interface" do
      options :interface=>"lo", :ignore_selected=>true
    end

The options hash is converted to collectd-style settings automatically. Any symbol key will be converted to camel-case. In the above example :ignore_selected will be output as the
key "IgnoreSelected". If the key is already a string, this conversion is skipped. If the value is an array, it will be output as a separate line for each element.

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:
Author:: Tass Skoudros (<tass@skystack.com>)
Removed stuff we did not need, attribute original works to the authors Noah Kantrowitz at Atari, Inc.


Origin Author:: Noah Kantrowitz (<nkantrowitz@crypticstudios.com>)
Copyright:: 2010, Atari, Inc

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
